the adventures of Rachel and cake
I'm up
this yellow fumble vamanos oh it's
coming this way hey do I look okay
I do yeah we're um somewhere there's the
cute guy there you go sit on yeah oh hey
you sure it's fun just really bad yeah
yeah that's good
it's like you're having sex was I
cupcake why because it's all over your
lips your mouth you know your chin your
upper lip really
you serious dalvin
like this yeah with a base except that
like it give me that I got it all over
me oh my god
so what's this place Bob so can you that
this is the Coco's cupcakes where are we
treatise on genocide
and we're going to go over there to go
tanning right but we decide not to
to make me that
try some no yeah look how pretty it is
Oliver Rachel's face
that's her orange drink
ah
hey Cho what what I found here free only
thing oh my god they're seriously way
like bird poop where
we're here yeah I think I need something
just smeared it all over
I knew blush it's um it's so there um
yeah you didn't put some right on that
time the hell yeah you usually move it
pretty good Ben yeah Mama's done oh
don't know how you got out on your cheek
oh Jesus panas doctors came out of her
mouth so fresh
like having sex with baby baby I mean
taking candy from a baby at that smooth
baby's bottom spoon oh that's allowed
sex is a baby you've done it I have yeah
I'm coming out to tell oh my god im sue
bestie oh my God look at how bad you
feel it's like everywhere look like Oh
God seething brown hair it's pretty
outside see clouds
oh say her jorma gammas
softball in the bud
you have something on your face you have
some crumb on each edge
almost done then she got another one go
okay stuff it in there oh she made a
nurse like that everywhere her hands her
face welcome to the meetings of Rachel's
life yeah yes basically all like this
you forgot the one finger it's still had
some stuff on it
and your rest yeah boy oh yeah mutters
the war
you